Update README.md (#457)
firebase/quickstart-js: firestore/README.md

 1. Create a Firebase project in the [Firebase Console](https://console.firebase.google.com).
 1. In the Firebase console, enable Anonymous authentication on your project by doing: **Authentication > SIGN-IN METHOD > Anonymous > Enable > SAVE**

>  1. In the Firebase console, enable Cloud Firestore on your project by doing: **Database > Create Database** and define the database location
>  1. Select testing mode for the security rules

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 1. In the Firebase console, enable Cloud Firestore on your project by doing: **Database > Create Database** and answer all prompts.
     1. Select testing mode for the security rules
```
